is brought to you by Buford Road Baptist Church.
the speaker today is Pastor Tony Kahoot
Reflecting our thoughts on different
Uh,
uh people who are standing in the need of prayer tonight and i want to read from its full horn starting there therefore my beloved brethren uh
Dearly beloved, in all form, of joy and the crowns, O stand fast to the Lord, not dearly beloved.
And verse 4 of the word says, Rejoice in the Lord always, and again I say rejoice.
Let your moderation be known in the holy of the lord is at hand
Be careful for nothing but in everything by prayer and supplication with thanksgiving, which will request be made known unto God.
And this is one of my favorite verses. And the piece of God which passeth over this day shall keep you hearts and minds.
Through Christ Jesus.
The first grade is very impacted. Think about the good things.
And thus the Father will bring you to life.
you listen to Pastor Tony Kahoot
For more information, visit our website at bufordrodebaptistchurch.com.